README.md, before:

Node.js Introduction.
===


### package.json

Contains the npm info. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

### config.json

The secret key that allows you to act as the speaker, the hostname and port. Make a copy of config.js.example and edit it, then run `node build`, then `node app`. To become the speaker, run `document.cookie = "key=KEY";` in a terminal and reload. (KEY is the key you set in config.json)


### build.js

Use [node-markdown](https://github.com/andris9/node-markdown) to convert slides.md to html and then replace {{slides}}, {{host}} and {{port}} in template.html with that and save to index.html. Run it with `node build`.

### index.html

The slideshow generated by build.js. Visit http://HOST:PORT/ to view.

### app.js

The [socket.io](http://socket.io/)-backed server-side portion of the app that advances the slides. Run it with `node app`.

### slides.md

Just some h1, ul, li, a, strong, em and code tags in markdown that make up the content of the presentation. Each h1+ul group becomes a "screen" and each h1 or li tag becomes a "step".

### template.html

The html boilerplate that surrounds the slides.

### slides.js

Client-side code for changing the slides.

### slides.css

The stylesheet.

Commit message:

Instructions for how to unlock the slides.

README.md, after:

Node.js Introduction.
===


### package.json

Contains the npm info. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

### config.json

The secret key that allows you to act as the speaker, the hostname and port. Make a copy of config.js.example and edit it, then run `node build`, then `node app`. To become the speaker, run `document.cookie = "key=KEY";` in a terminal and reload. (KEY is the key you set in config.json)

Alternatively you could just view index.html directly in the browser without the server. Run `Slides.unlock();` in a JavaScript terminal and then you can advance the slides without becoming the speaker.


### build.js

Use [node-markdown](https://github.com/andris9/node-markdown) to convert slides.md to html and then replace {{slides}}, {{host}} and {{port}} in template.html with that and save to index.html. Run it with `node build`.

### index.html

The slideshow generated by build.js. Visit http://HOST:PORT/ to view.

### app.js

The [socket.io](http://socket.io/)-backed server-side portion of the app that advances the slides. Run it with `node app`.

### slides.md

Just some h1, ul, li, a, strong, em and code tags in markdown that make up the content of the presentation. Each h1+ul group becomes a "screen" and each h1 or li tag becomes a "step".

### template.html

The html boilerplate that surrounds the slides.

### slides.js

Client-side code for changing the slides.

### slides.css

The stylesheet.
